updates to examples to be a bit more clear (#53)
radiantearth/stac-api-spec: examples.md

## STAC API

The STAC API `/search/` endpoint can support the same requests as above, as POST.

> Request 100 results in `mycollection` that is in New Zealand from January 1st, 2019:

Reviewer: For consistency:

```suggestion
Request 100 results in `mycollection` that is in New Zealand at anytime on January 1st, 2019:
```
